well in your own life do you suffer
because suffering is intrinsic to being
or do you suffer because you bite off
more than you can chew if you're
progressing optimally and so that would
be progressing in the spirit of play
then you can exist in a mode that's very
very positive and so then you might ask
if you were perfect at that which of
course is an unattainable goal but if
you were perfect at that would you be
able to exist in a play with life and
would that eradicate most suffering and
then you might ask well would that
eradicate all suffering because you
could even ask well if we all played
optimally so we all revealed that which
was hidden within us in that Spirit of
play how good would the world be and
that's also an open question cuz you
know it would be a lot better than it is
right and then what's the upper limit to
that and I don't think we know